## Professional Self-Assessment  
I began my journey with the SNHU Computer Science program right before the start of 2018. While prior to that I was self-taught as a programmer to some extent, I had no formal teaching and the only areas I knew well were the ones in which I could easily entertain myself. Throughout this program I have gained a more balanced understanding of various systems, and some of that has been able to be shown through the artifact created for this ePortfolio. Some of the areas I found myself most lacking, that being collaborating with others and dealing with the formal side of things outside of writing code, have been improved upon by learning Git and the software design life cycle. Topics I have also learned about include UML diagrams, objective analysis of platform options, and Agile project management. Additionally, while I did have some experience working with databases, data structures, and application security, I now feel I have a more rounded understanding of the topics after learning about the fundamentals and putting them to practice with real applications.  

The artifact produced for this ePortfolio serves as an example of some of the skills I have gained throughout this program. I will be adapting the functionality of three separate projects written in different languages to function as a cohesive web server, first through rewriting them in a common language, and then improving upon their details. From what I have learned about secure coding principles, I will implement a secure user authentication and authorization mechanism, which will give the user control over a database through a web interface. The data displayed by this interface will be handled properly through the use of data structures meant to logically organize and validate the contents of the data, as it is sent to the client’s browser to be displayed through templated HTML views.

**Other Pages**  
* [ePortfolio Artifact](https://zwischenstock.github.io/artifact.html)
* [Code Review](https://zwischenstock.github.io/code_review.html)
